Clarify production build output files documentation (#6786)
facebook/create-react-app: docusaurus/docs/production-build.md

`npm run build` creates a `build` directory with a production build of your app. Inside the `build/static` directory will be your JavaScript and CSS files. Each filename inside of `build/static` will contain a unique hash of the file contents. This hash in the file name enables [long term caching techniques](#static-file-caching).

When running a production build of freshly created Create React App application, there are a number of `.js` files (called _chunks_) that are generated and placed in the `build/static/js` directory:

`main.[hash].chunk.js`

- This is your _application_ code. `App.js`, etc.

`[number].[hash].chunk.js`

> - These files are your _vendor_ code that include modules you've imported from within `node_modules`. One of the potential advantages with splitting your _vendor_ and _application_ code is to enable [long term caching techniques](#static-file-caching) to improve application loading performance. Since _vendor_ code tends to change less often than the actual _application_ code, the browser will be able to cache them separately, and won't re-download them each time the app code changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These files can either be _vendor_ code, or [code splitting chunks](code-splitting.md). _Vendor_ code includes modules that you've imported from within `node_modules`. One of the potential advantages with splitting your _vendor_ and _application_ code is to enable [long term caching techniques](#static-file-caching) to improve application loading performance. Since _vendor_ code tends to change less often than the actual _application_ code, the browser will be able to cache them separately, and won't re-download them each time the app code changes.
```

I added some additional info about code splitting chunks that also use the same pattern by default. What do you think?

Author: More information the better!
